The 3 Shirt Incident. I got some chemical on 3 shirts I wanted washed off, immediately. I don't remember what it was. I didn't want it to spread to other clothes. I called an audible and cleaned them. No, I don't have to seek your approval, ask your permission, "run it by you" first, consult with you, etc. I'm a rational-thinking, free American adult. I took care of it. I'd do it again.

This exceptional case is in no way exemplary of how I typically do laundry. Stop extrapolating from this single data point to concoct your dystopian ecological nightmares. I don't know how nor care why you conflate this incident with a request to wash your towels. They are not related. Please stop.

I don't wash bedsheets with other garments besides pillow cases. Nor do I wash it with the duvet. They start wrapping around each other. They don't fully clean. They certainly don't fully dry. You can have a dry sheet wrapped around a drenched inner garment. It's not that there was "no room" as in there was no empty volume to fill. There was "no room" in that adding more would invite this disaster.

This is my lived experience across many, many trials. I'm allowed to act according to my past experiences. This is how I adjust to the above-mentioned hurdle. Maybe your sheet washing experiences were different. And that's valid. But those aren't my experiences. I've made my compromise. You make different decisions when washing your sheets.

But the difference is, I don't intercede, interfere, or interrogate you when you go it your way with your own sheets. Show me some mutual respect. I'm not your 13 year-old son. I'm your 47 year-old roommate. Treat me as such. Stop acting like I don't have vested interest. I pay bills, too, you know. I'm not asking. I'm demanding.

I only wash 11 shirts at a time, because that's all the indoor hanging space I have. Washing shirts to the machines' capacity is moot if I can't hang dry them. No, I won't hang them outside. They pick up too many allergens. I'm not making this up. It's what I've read about to live with allergies.

Cease with your interrogation about what I'm allergic to, when I'm allergic, etc. I was deeply offended by your conniving. You weren't looking out for my health or best interest. You're selfishly pursuing your personal agenda to cram as many garments into a washing machine at once, blithely ignoring all other concerns. I'm not going to "roll the dice" on the off-chance what I'm allergic to wasn't in the air that day. Even if it worked, it does fuck-all for the many, many days when there is.

And for what? To save $100 on water and $100 on electricity over a year? I'm not apologizing for valuing my health and well-being more than $200.

If you really care that damn bad, put up a clothes rack near the ceiling across the wall between the litter area and the pantry. You can put shelving on top of that for storage. You can use wicker or cloth baskets to make it look nice. Then I'll have plenty of indoor hanging space. Yep, you're sacrificing your "projection wall". I'll leave it to you to decide which you value more. If you choose projection wall, then stop debating me on my 11 shirt strategy. I refuse to further entertain the notion.

I own a high-efficieny washer. 90% of the loads are on the least resource-intensive settings. The dryer is on Extra Low for 20 minutes. I put an alarm for 7 minutes on my watch, aborting the cycle then.

I get no credit for this forethought. I only get shitted on for the audacity to not fully volumize every load.

I've tried explaining these things to you. You persistently don't listen. You are way too quick to invalidate me. Not based on evidence. Certainly not based on my ability to evaluate the world and make what I believe to be a sound decision. No. Everything is overriden by your perverse sickness to ridiculously and obscenely over-optimize every waking minute of your life. It's extremely exhausting and enraging. You don't have to agree with me. You have to mind your own business and let me live my life.